Given Software can be constructed by "bricks" that standardise the dimensions of:
  - dependencies (or better described as state)
  - thread (effectively identifying execution hardware)
  - continuations (providing the connections between operations)
  
It potentially provides the foundation of artificial intelligence and may better explain the human brain.

Areas of the brain are responsible for certain functions (operations).  This can be explained as Thread 
Injection.  Asynchronous Operations surrounding particular dependencies/state are co-located for improved
performance.  This effectively makes better use of "human processing hardware".

The dependencies are injections of state.  The brain perceives a state before and after.  It therefore
tries to model this state change by identifying atomic operations and linking them together with continuations to 
transform the before state to the  after state.

Learning is therefore the process of dynamically creating atomic operations and dynamically connecting them 
together to make the before state become the after state.  The operations may be created new or re-used from 
previous learning (explaining nurture vs nature).  

The learning process is isolated from the actual brain processing.  The learning process runs multitudes of 
combinations of operations and continuation connections to find a combination that can transform the before 
state to after state.  Once a suitable combination is found, it is compared to existing combinations from 
previous learning (what constitutes the current brain).  The first combination to match the new before to after 
state "test" that does not cause "regression" of existing before/state tests is chosen.  

The indirection of Continuation Injection allows the brain to re-wire itself for the new operations and 
connections (possibly explaining the eureka/light bulb moment one experiences).  As more re-wiring occurs, there
is more operations/continuations that must be stored and processed for decisions.  The increased number explains
why older people are typically wiser and inheritance of this is why generations get smarter.  It may also explain
why at certain ages that problems set in with the brain due to requiring too much "brain hardware" to run existing
operation/continuations leaving little of the "brain hardware" left for learning (possibly with it triggering
excessive garbage collection removing necessary operations/continuations).

This separation allows the brain to function for real-time decisions and simultaneously provides means for 
learning.  Which is why learning is an active process requiring stimulus (but not too much stimulus that it 
overloads the learning processing hardware).  It also explains why when concentrating hard on learning, that
awareness of the world is diminished (more "brain hardware" executing learning processes than core brain 
functions).

Relating this to OfficeFloor, this would be the dynamic creation of Sections and their evolution in working together.

It also explains that the Internet is becoming a brain.  It is currently static with developers providing the 
learning.  Only successful applications are re-wired into the core of the brain (e.g. Google).  From a business 
perspective, competition is ok for the learning process to find the best applications.  My concern is that 
ownership stays with the business when the re-wiring of the application into the "brain" occurs.  As people are 
currently the dynamic decision makers to the Internet, this could effectively allow businesses to control us 
(we become an Asynchronous Operation that businesses invert control over).  And later when there is potential 
for dynamic decision making, keeping us out of the decision making and effectively making them dictators.

This only reinforces the view that OfficeFloor needs to be an open project.
